# http://www.amazon.com/Manhattan-Toy-Sensory-Teether-Activity/product-reviews/B000BNCA4K

It is odd to rate the 'educational' value of this toy. Our baby started playing with this toy when he was about 12 weeks old. He was born 6 weeks premature, but because of his interest in this toy he developed two-handed play (an early developmental milestone) well ahead of time.

I could see that perhaps an older child might not find this engaging enough, but our son still enjoys playing with it and chewing on it now as a 7 month old.

The slim flexible bands make this much easier for early grasping than many things sold as rattles, which are too fat for young, small, clumsy hands to grasp. The rattle sound is not so loud as to be deafening or obnoxious. It can be refrigerated for teething. The slim rings fit into his small mouth so much better than many of the large bulky teethers. He has a teether that he can't yet grasp and manipulate for himself because it is so bulky. Plus, the many loops mean that there are different things to chew on no matter which way he turns it, there isn't just one right way to hold it. The loops also make it convenient to take with you. We hook one strap of our stroller brace through a loop and he can merrily play with it while we walk without fear that it will fall onto the ground. We receive lots of funny comments about how it looks like he is driving his stroller by grasping the ball like a steering wheel.

Fun, engaging and helpful for developing two-handed play. Probably most appropriate as a toy for babies 3-5 months and as a teether for older children.

My 6 week old loves this toy. It's light enough that she can lift it and loopy enough to get some part of it in her mouth. She often gets it over her chubby little fists so that she can shake it without dropping it. It's a lifesaver when you just need to get a few things done.

My 6 month old loves the toy! I highly recommend this toy and all of its uses. Toy seems safe for babies and small children and hard to destroy in transit. The quality of this toy was overlooked prior to shipping. Definitely not the same quality of the toys my friends have or that I've seen sold in stores.

We got this toy as a gift from our friends and our baby loves it. He is 3 months old and finds this toy really easy to grab. The rings are squishy and thin so there are many places to grab hold. He can put his entire hand through it and use his arm to get it to his mouth. It's also large enough for him to grab it with both hands easily. He'll also shake it. It's definitely his favorite toy and it keeps his attention.

First toy our 10 week old son actually played with.

After hearing other parent comments about how much their little person enjoyed this I decided I would get one for our little boy too. This is plastic and it purports to be PVC and phaelate free. When it arrived it was very clean. I washed it off with a little soap and water to be safe but I am not too concerned about him sticking it in his mouth.

I gave this to our son when he was ten weeks old. He was able to grab it and hold it and eventually started passing it from one hand to the other and holding it up, sticking it in his mouth, playing with it with his feet. I think it makes a good first toy. It's light enough and soft/flexible enough he can't really hurt himself with it.

I was really excited to get this toy for my daughter, because all the reviews were so positive. The toy got dirty so I washed it in some soapy water, this is when it bled green dye all over the wash cloth. If it's bleeding dye from a little soap, who knows how much dye my little one could ingest when she's chewing on it... Needless to say I threw it out.

Has lasted through three children.

I don't know about PVC or plastic coating or anything like that, but I can tell you that it is worth the price if you're planning on having more than one kid. We opened up our toy for our oldest son; our daughter used it throughout; and our youngest son has had his hands and mouth on it for two months now. It hasn't cracked, faded, etc despite weeks (months) of use! I get this toy for everyone having their first child as all three of mine have loved it.

Great design, but a little heavy.

Our friend bought this as a gift for our 3 month old. The design is great for your child's hands and can be easily grasped. The plastic rings are fun to bend & stretch and the center cube offers a slight rattle sound. It could also be used as a teething toy. The only problem we have is it's a little heavy and can be difficult to pass from one hand to another. Our child likes to handle his toy better because it's lighter weight, but will probably enjoy this toy more when he's older.

A great toy for little hands!

This has been the perfect toy for my 4-month-old: It's one of only 2 toys he's been able to grab with both hands and mouth consistently. I really think it's been a great way to get him more confident and excited about developing those fine motor skills. Great, solid materials and fun colors. The rattle in the inner cube is a nice added bonus (and not too loud!)

This toy is pliable and rubbery. The loops easily fit into mouth and satisfy my teething child more than any teether I have purchased. The multiple loops are easy to grab for my 8 month old to manipulate the toy. Soft jiggle noise is not annoying. Can slam it on the highchair tray and still hear myself think. Also great for learning to throw and catch.

My son is currently 4 months old, and this is currently his favorite toy. He loves to watch it, hold it, and chew on it with his gums.

Have yet to meet a baby that doesn't love it.

My little one loved playing with this from very early on, maybe around two months and she has always been tiny. My nephew couldn't stop playing with it and he was over 20 pounds at five months. It's easy for them to get their fingers into and around, it's easy to manuever a rung to chew on. My little one got so frustrated with other teethers trying to get that magical angle to fit in her mouth. It's bright, it's easy to clean. Who could ask for more?

Our son loves this toy. He is absolutely fascinated with it! He loves reaching for it and will actually put forth quite an effort to do so. He is teething right now, and it must feel good on his gums because he instantly puts it in his mouth and will not take it out. He has a very strong grip and will actually put up a fight when we try to take it away from him! This is a big hit!

My husband and I bought this toy for our son when he was about 6 or 8 months old. I thought it would be a big hit with all the different hand holds and colors and places to chew on. Unforunately he really never took to it. Never picked it to play with and it has remained in the toy basket ever since. I'm hoping that our daughter who is now 4 months old will enjoy it a little more otherwise it will have proven a big waste of cash for us. All kids are different and you can never predict what toys they will like regardless of how much you like them.

One of her favorites.

My daughter is teething and this is the best toy. Not only can she pick it up from any angle, no matter how she holds it up to her mouth, she's able to get a loop to chew on. A drawback with other teethers is the baby has to hold it a certain way to chew properly and can end up frustrated. That's not a problem with this one. I wish I'd gotten one sooner!

This was the first toy that my son could pick up, play with and explore at 2 months old. The rings were small enough for him to hold and as he attempted to chew on the pieces as he shoved the toy into his face, I did not have to worry about the toy poking his eyes. My husband and I loved this toy and brought it every where we traveled. My son is 5 months and still enjoys playing with it. We loved this toy so much that we nicknamed it the toy.

Perfect for tiny fingers.

We purchased this for our 5 month old twins. Most of their toys are too bulky or heavy for them to practice grabbing. This is a simple concept that made it fun for them and it's excellent for developing fine motor skills. Bonus: it's easy to wash!

My baby loves toys that make noise. I chose this product partly because it said it contained a rattle.

This toy was one of the first toys that my daughter paid much attention to. At 7 months she is still very into it. It is good for teething babies. She likes to chew on it and whack it on the floor or whatever surface is nearby. It makes a rattling noise.

Really pleased with this toy. It was one of the first toys our daughter was able to really grasp on her own and play with. The large loops made it easy for her to whack around, make noise with, and get into her mouth for teething. Its large size but light weight has made her work on passing the toy directly from hand to hand rather than via her mouth, a developmental milestone. We also like that it doesn't pose a suffocation hazard and can be left in her crib for her to play with when she wakes up. If your baby won't grab at it too much while feeding, you can also use it to prop a bottle. We did anyway...

This is a positive review of this very handy, tactile toy that will probably withstand considerable abuse from your young ones. My son finds the colors attractive, and the design makes it easy for him to grab the toy. In fact, he loves to grab it at both ends and tries his hardest to pull it apart, resulting in loud grunts and shouts and a little frustration! Good exercise for him, I should think.

I bought my daugther the toy at the same time I got her the toy. This is the toy we give her in her crib to play with for some quiet play, as the rattle is not very loud, it is soft, so there is little risk of her banging or hurting herself with it. The loops make it easy for her to grasp and definitely encouraged her to grab it with one hand and pass it to the other. She loves to wave it, and especially loves chewing on the loops. Its easy to clean as you can just rinse it off with some warm water and dry with a towel.

Excellent toy for infants.

I bought this and other toys for my son at about 2 months old and immediately he took to this toy. I believe it was easier for him to grasp as he was working on his motor skills. He loved to chew on it. It was very entertaining watching him try to get to the inner rings because he would show signs of frustration. Nevertheless it was nice to see him so determined and concentrating on a task. I would recommend this to anyone with an infant. He's still fond of this toy at 4 months old and the toy is very much intact.

Our daughter loves the toy! It's one of her favorite toys. The bright colors and the soft gummy rings are great. It has so many places she can hold on to. You can put it in the fridge when they really start teething. Our daughter isn't teething yet, but still puts everything in her mouth. She shakes it and squishes the rings together. It holds her attention which is all you can really ask of any baby toy.

This is a nice quality toy. I can see the the educational potential. I bought this to amuse my grandson. However, I think my grandson, at 10 months old, was a little too old for this toy. It will interest them, but only very briefly. I think if it was introduced at a younger age it would have been more interesting to them.

It's the first toy my new grandson reached for. Little fingers can reach, grasp and hold. It's a wonderful toy for babies.

My daughter grabs it and can chew on it safely. She loves it. The little rattle inside does not really rattle.

My little girl loves to grab this toy and try to eat it.

Our baby loves this toy! Easy to hold, roll, and bite for him at 6 months old. We use it in the bath because it won't hold water that he would try to drink while we are washing him.

Our 2 month old finds this very interesting to look at and grab. There is a rattle in the cube in the middle.

My little man loves this. It's easy to hold, he has lots of options about what part he can put in his mouth. It's not painful when he hits you with it.

My grandson absolutely loves this ball! He is always trying to touch the square in the middle. He loves to chew on the colorful twists!

